# Cafeteria-Management-System
A Cafeteria Management System in java that handles the system using file management.
# Documentation
The Main function shows a menu in a do-while loop displaying different options such as signup or login as customer and login as Manager. 
If the user selects Sign-up as Customer an Object of Customer class will be made and addCustomer() function will be called. The addCustomer() function takes Username and Password from user and writes it down in a Customers.txt file using FileOutputStream and BufferedWriter. The file is written using semi-colon as a delimiter.  
If the user selects Login as Customer an Object of Customer class will be made and searchCustomer() function will be called. The searchCustomer() function takes Username and Password from user. Opens the file Customers.txt in reading mode using BufferedReader, searches for the username. If the username exists it tokenizes that line and checks if the given password exists against the given username. If yes login will be successful else user will be returned back to main menu. In case of successful Login an object of Orders class will be created. Orders Menu will be shown in a do-while loop using OrdersMenu() function and options like Create order, show complete orders, show incomplete orders and show all orders will be shown. 
•	If user selects Create Order, createOrder() function will be called of Orders class. Which will show contents of Items.txt and ask user to select an Item. The selected item will be searched in ItemsCopy.txt(in which data is stored using delimiter)using line.contains(item). The .contains() is a function of BufferedReader. If the selected item is available the addOrder() function of Orders class will be called in which details of order would be written in Orders.txt with a status of Incomplete. 
•	If user selects Show Complete Orders, CompleteOrders() function will be called of Orders class. Which will show those contents of Orders.txt which have their status marked as Complete.
•	If user selects Show InComplete Orders, InCompleteOrders() function will be called of Orders class. Which will show those contents of Orders.txt which have their status marked as Incomplete. FurtherMore, it will give the option to complete the order. The user will select an item(e.g the one he previously ordered) and Pay its Price.  After that the ClearOrder() function will be called which takes name of item and price as parameter. The selected item would be read from the file Orders.txt and its price will be checked using tokens. If the price that user payed will be less user would have to come again. In other case Order will be completed and change would be returned to user. Also tokens[3] which was first incomplete will now be updated as complete. And Update() function will be called which takes tokens and name of item as argument. In Update() Orders.txt is opened in reading mode and a temp.txt file is opened in writing mode. All contents of Orders.txt is written in temp.txt but now the cleared order is updated as completed using the tokens. And in the end FileRenew() function is called in which temp.txt is written in Orders.txt.
•	If user selects Show All Orders, AllOrders() function will be called of Orders class. Which will show all contents of Orders.txt
If the user selects Login as Manager an Object of Manager class will be made and searchManager() function will be called. The searchManager() function takes Username and Password from user. Opens the file Manager.txt in reading mode using BufferedReader, searches for the username. If the username exists it tokenizes that line and checks if the given password exists against the given username. If yes login will be successful else user will be returned back to main menu. In case of successful Login the menu() function of Manager class will be called which will show Managers menu in a do-while loop.
•	If Manager selects show Customers info, the CustomerInfo() function will be called which will show all contents of Customers.txt in a proper manner using tokens
•	If Manager selects show Items info, the ItemInfo() function will be called which will show all contents of ItemsCopy.txt in a proper manner using tokens
•	If Manager selects show Orders info, the OrdersInfo() function will be called which will show all contents of Orders.txt in a proper manner using tokens
•	If Manager selects show manager info, the ManagerInfo() function will be called which will show all contents of Manager.txt in a proper manner using tokens
Every menu has an Option to exit the menu.
